Bump Kani version to 0.53.0 (#3317)
model-checking/kani: CHANGELOG.md

This file was introduced starting Kani 0.23.0, so it only contains changes from version 0.23.0 onwards.

## [0.53.0]

> ### Major Changes

Reviewer: Should we also add the checking of memory initialization to the major changes list?

Author: Added.

* The `--visualize` option is being deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Consider using the `--concrete-playback` option instead.

> * The `-Z ptr-to-ref-cast-checks` option is being introduced to check pointer validity when casting raw pointers to references. The feature is currently behind an unstable flag but is expected to be stabilized in the next release once remaining performance issues have been resolved.

Reviewer: Just to be safe, I suggest saying "future release":
```suggestion
* The `-Z ptr-to-ref-cast-checks` option is being introduced to check pointer validity when casting raw pointers to references. The feature is currently behind an unstable flag but is expected to be stabilized in a future release once remaining performance issues have been resolved.
```

### What's Changed

> * Add `kani_core` library placeholder and build logic by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3227

Reviewer 2: you can remove this one

* Change ensures into closures by @pi314mm in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3207
* (Re)introduce `Invariant` trait by @adpaco-aws in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3190
* Remove empty box creation from contracts impl by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3233
* Add a new verify-std subcommand to Kani by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3231
* Inject pointer validity check when casting raw pointers to references by @artemagvanian in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3221
* Do not turn trivially diverging loops into assume(false) by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3223
* Fix "unused mut" warnings created by generated code. by @jsalzbergedu in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3247
* Refactor stubbing so Kani compiler only invoke rustc once per crate by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3245
* Use cfg=kani_host for host crates by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3244
* Add intrinsics and Arbitrary support for no_core by @jaisnan in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3230

> * Fix a few issues with std verification by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3255

Reviewer 2: My bad... can you list the issues that were fixed instead?

Author: Yes, please check the diff for my suggestion.

* Fix contract of constant fn with effect feature by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3259

> * Fix a few more issues with the std library by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3261

Reviewer 2: please remove

* Fix typed_swap for ZSTs by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3256

> * Remove further uses of Location::none by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3253

Reviewer: I think we can omit this one since it doesn't directly impact the user (except for giving slightly better error/assertion messages in some cases).

> * Remove further uses of Location::none by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3253

Reviewer 2: remove this

* Add a `#[derive(Invariant)]` macro by @adpaco-aws in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3250
* Contracts: History Expressions via "old" monad by @pi314mm in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3232
* Function Contracts: remove instances of _renamed by @pi314mm in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3274

> * Remove support for the unstable argument `--function` by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3278

Reviewer: I think we should move that to a breaking changes section.

* Deprecate `--visualize` in favor of concrete playback by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3281
* Fix operand in fat pointer comparison by @pi314mm in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3297

> * C library: declare malloc by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3296

Reviewer: No user impact (other than hiding a warning). Can be omitted.

> * C library: declare malloc by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3296

Reviewer 2: I don't think this has any user impact, does it? @tautschnig
